Table of Contents
Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2025 Outlook
Automotive—Production
The following is a summary of the status of production of each of our announced vehicle models in production and under development, as of the date of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q:
Production Location Vehicle Model(s) Production Status
Fremont Factory Model S / Model X Active
Model 3 / Model Y Active
Gigafactory Shanghai Model 3 / Model Y Active
Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg Model Y Active
Gigafactory Texas Model Y Active
Cybertruck Active
Cybercab Construction
Gigafactory Nevada Tesla Semi Construction
TBD Roadster In development
We are focused on growing and optimizing our manufacturing capacity, which includes capacity for manufacturing newer vehicle models and future
vehicles utilizing aspects of our next generation platform, while maximizing production rate and efficiency at our Gigafactories. Our factories are also
preparing for the release of new models later this year. The next phase of production growth will be initiated by advances in autonomy and the introduction
of new products, including those built on our next generation vehicle platform, as well as our ability to manufacture our own cells that we are developing to
have high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and
increase affordability and customer awareness.
These plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by new product and
manufacturing technologies we introduce, the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints, labor shortages and
any future impact from events outside of our control. For example, changes to fiscal and trade policy with respect to tariffs, export controls and other
restrictions may impact our global supply chain cost structure and availability, affecting not only vehicle production, but also facility expansions. Moreover,
we have set ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles.
Automotive—Demand, Sales, Deliveries and Infrastructure
Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles’ affordability and
have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles. We will also continue to generate demand by improving our vehicles’ performance and functionality,
including through product offerings and features utilizing artificial intelligence such as Autopilot, FSD (Supervised), and other software, and delivering new
vehicles and vehicle options. In addition, we believe the launch of our Robotaxi service in June 2025 will unlock significant business growth to advance a
service-driven business model. We will continue to improve safety and profitability while scaling the network. In addition, we have been increasing
awareness, and expanding our vehicle financing programs, including attractive leasing terms for our customers.
However, we operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to shifting consumer trends, political and regulatory uncertainty, including with respect to
trade and the environment, all of which can be compounded by inflationary pressures, rising energy prices, interest rate fluctuations and the liquidity of
enterprise customers. For example, as inflationary pressures increased across the markets in which we operate, central banks in developed countries raised
interest rates rapidly and substantially, which impacted the affordability of vehicle lease and finance arrangements. Further, sales of vehicles in the
automotive industry also tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to increased volatility as we expand and adjust our operations. Moreover,
as additional competitors enter the marketplace and help bring the world closer to sustainable transportation, we will have to adjust and continue to execute
well to maintain our momentum. Additionally, our suppliers’ liquidity and allocation plans may be affected by current challenges in the automotive industry,
which could reduce our access to components or result in unfavorable changes to cost. These macroeconomic and industry trends have had, and will likely
continue to have, an impact on the pricing of, and order rate for our vehicles, and in turn our operating margin.
27