Table of Contents
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended March 31, 2025, which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and future results. Other than the risk factors set forth below, there
have been no material changes from the risk factors discussed in our Annual and Quarterly Reports.
Demand for our products and services and our financial results may be impacted by the status of government and economic incentives
supporting the development and adoption of such products.
Government and economic incentives that support the development and adoption of electric vehicles in the U.S. and abroad, including certain tax
exemptions, tax credits and rebates, may be reduced, eliminated, amended or exhausted from time to time. For example, previously available incentives
favoring electric vehicles in certain areas have expired or were cancelled or temporarily unavailable, and in some cases were not eventually replaced or
reinstituted, which may have negatively impacted sales. Specifically, recent governmental and regulatory actions have repealed and/or restricted consumer,
manufacturing and charging infrastructure tax credits, and certain regulatory credit programs tied to our products. These, and any similar actions in the
future, may affect demand for our vehicles, and harm our growth, prospects and operating results, and the loss of previously available tax credits and carbon
offset mechanisms may further negatively impact our financial results. In addition, certain government and economic incentives may also be implemented or
amended to provide benefits to manufacturers who assemble domestically, have local suppliers or have other characteristics that may not apply to Tesla.
Such developments could negatively impact demand for our vehicles, and we and our customers may have to adjust to them, including through pricing
modifications.
In addition, certain governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives that are currently available with respect to our solar and energy
storage product businesses allow us to lower our costs and encourage customers to buy our products and investors to invest in our solar financing funds.
However, these incentives may expire when the allocated funding is exhausted, reduced or terminated as renewable energy adoption rates increase,
sometimes without warning. For example, provisions of the OBBBA could affect battery cell expenses and impact costs for our consumers, negatively
impacting demand. Likewise, in jurisdictions where net metering is currently available, our customers receive bill credits from utilities for energy that their
solar energy systems generate and export to the grid in excess of the electric load they use. The benefit available under net metering has been or has been
proposed to be reduced, altered or eliminated in several jurisdictions, and has also been contested and may continue to be contested before the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission. Any reductions or terminations of such incentives may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results by making our products less competitive for customers, increasing our cost of capital and adversely impacting our ability to attract investment
partners and to form new financing funds for our solar and energy storage assets.
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
None.
ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES
None.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
None of the Company’s directors or officers adopted, modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement during the Company’s fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2025, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, except as follows:
36