Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing
operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, additional
manufacturing ramps at existing manufacturing facilities, the construction of future factories, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations,
body shops, Mobile Service fleet, Supercharger, including to support NACS, energy product installation capabilities and autonomy and other artificial
intelligence enabled products.
In addition, because a large portion of our future expenditures will be to fund our growth, we expect that if needed we will be able to adjust our capital
and operating expenditures by operating segment. For example, if our near-term manufacturing operations decrease in scale or ramp more slowly than
expected, including due to global economic, tax, trade or business conditions, we may choose to correspondingly slow the pace of our capital expenditures.
Finally, we continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid
growth of our business, including through drawdowns on existing or new debt facilities or financing funds. Conversely, we may also from time to time
determine that it is in our best interests to voluntarily repay certain indebtedness early.
Accordingly, we believe that our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following June 30, 2025, as
well as in the long-term.
See the sections below for more details regarding the material requirements for cash in our business and our sources of liquidity to meet such needs.
Material Cash Requirements
From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with vendors for the purchase of components and raw materials to be
used in the manufacture of our products. However, due to contractual terms, variability in the precise growth curves of our development and production
ramps, and opportunities to renegotiate pricing, we generally do not have binding and enforceable purchase orders under such contracts beyond the short-
term, and the timing and magnitude of purchase orders beyond such period is difficult to accurately project.
As discussed in and subject to the considerations referenced in Part I, Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations—Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2025 Outlook—Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, we currently expect our capital expenditures to support our projects globally to exceed $9.00 billion in 2025. Changes in trade policy
may necessitate adjustments to our project timelines, potentially impacting our capital expenditure expectations.
As of June 30, 2025, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding $6.98 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, of which $1.97 billion is
current. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 7, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q.
Sources and Conditions of Liquidity
Our sources to fund our material cash requirements are predominantly from our deliveries and servicing of new and used vehicles, sales and
installations of our energy storage products, interest income, and proceeds from debt facilities and equity offerings, when applicable.
As of June 30, 2025, we had $15.59 billion and $21.20 billion of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively. Balances held in
foreign currencies had a U.S. dollar equivalent of $2.70 billion and consisted primarily of Chinese yuan and euros. We had $5.00 billion of unused committed
credit amounts as of June 30, 2025. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 7, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government securities and other investments,
investing in autonomy, further vertically integrating our supply chain, expanding our product roadmap and providing financing options to our customers.
33