Table of Contents
Changes in government and economic policies, incentives or tariffs may also impact our production, cost structure and the competitive landscape. While
the final scope and application of recently announced changes in trade policy remain uncertain at this time, higher tariffs on imports and subsequent
retaliatory tariffs could adversely impact consumer spending and demand for durable goods and related services. Furthermore, certain provisions of the
recently signed OBBBA, including the removal of tax credits for electric vehicles, may also impact consumer demand for electric vehicles in general once
effective. We will continue to adjust accordingly to such developments, and we believe our ongoing cost reduction efforts, including through production
innovation, process improvements and logistics optimization, and focus on operating leverage, vertical integration and supply chain localization will continue
to benefit us in relation to our competitors. Our new products, which will include more affordable options, and our advances in autonomy, position us for
future growth.
As our production increases, we must work constantly to similarly increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our
total deliveries. We are also committed to reducing the percentage of vehicles delivered in the third month of each quarter, which will help to reduce the cost
per vehicle. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will also have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing and charging
infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability and optimize our Supercharger locations to ensure cost effectiveness and customer satisfaction. In
particular, as other automotive manufacturers have announced their adoption of the North American Charging Standard (“NACS”) and agreements with us to
utilize our Superchargers, we must correspondingly expand our network in order to ensure adequate availability to meet customer demands. We also remain
focused on continued enhancements of the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. In tandem with the launch of our Robotaxi business, we are
focused on developing and optimizing dedicated infrastructure, including in relation to vehicle cleaning and maintenance, charging, security, teleoperations
and fleet management, to ensure service quality as we continue to scale.
Energy Generation and Storage Demand, Production and Deployment
The long-term success of this business is dependent upon incremental volume growth. We continue to increase the production and capabilities of our
energy storage products to meet high levels of demand, including the ramps of our Megafactories in Shanghai and Lathrop, California, and the construction
of a new Megafactory near Houston, Texas. For Megapack, energy storage deployments can vary meaningfully quarter to quarter depending on the timing of
specific project milestones and logistics. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products.
At the same time, changes in government and economic incentives or tariffs may also impact our sales, cost structure and the competitive landscape. For
instance, the recently announced import tariffs by the US government and the provisions of the OBBBA could significantly increase battery cell expenses and
impact costs for our consumers, negatively impacting consumer demand. Despite these challenges, as AI infrastructure drives rapid load growth, we see
opportunities for our energy storage products to stabilize the grid, shift energy when it is needed most and provide additional power capacity.
Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends
Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time,
and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions and shifting global trade and fiscal policy. We are simultaneously developing
and ramping new products, building or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell
technologies, expanding our Supercharger network and investing in autonomy and other artificial intelligence enabled training and products, and the pace of
our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our
various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. While we prepare for near-term challenges to our business under current
policies, we are focused on long-term growth opportunities as we continue to make critical, high-value investments while maintaining a strong balance sheet.
Owing and subject to the foregoing as well as the pipeline of announced projects under development, all other continuing infrastructure growth and varying
levels of inflation, we currently expect our capital expenditures to exceed $9.00 billion in 2025. Changes in fiscal and trade policy may necessitate
adjustments to our project timelines, potentially impacting our cash flow and capital expenditure expectations.
28